# Loan-Approval-Prediction
Today a lot of people/companies are applying for bank loans. The core business part of every bank is the distribution of loans. The main objective of the banking sector is to give their assets in safe hands. But the banks or the financial companies take a very long time for the verificationand validation process and even after going through such a regress process there is no surety that whether the applicant chosen is deserving or not.The enhancement in the banking sector lots of people are applying for bank loans but the bank has its limited assets which it has to grant to limited people only, so finding out to whom the loan can be granted which will be a safer option for the bank is a typical process. Machine Learning (ML) techniques are very useful in predicting outcomes for large amounts of data. To solve this problem, we have developed a system in which we can predict whether the applicant chosen will be a deserving applicant for approving the loan or not. The system predicts on the basis of the model that has been trained using machine learning algorithms. We have even compared the accuracy of different machine learning algorithms. We got a percentage of accuracy ranging from 75-85% but the best accuracy we got was from Logistic Regression i.e., 88.70% The system includes a user interface web application where the user can enter the details required for the model to predict. The drawback of this model is that it takes into consideration many attributes but in real life sometimes the loan application can also be approved on a single strong attribute, which will not be possible using this system.
